[docs] Update docs for `publicIds` and `variables` (#203)
DataDog/datadog-ci-azure-devops: README.md

| `failOnTimeout`        | _optional_  | Fail the CI job if at least one test exceeds the default test timeout. **Default:** `true`.                                                                                                                                                     |
| `files`                | _optional_  | Glob pattern to detect Synthetic tests' config files. **Default:** `{,!(node_modules)/**/}*.synthetics.json`.                                                                                                                                   |
| `jUnitReport`          | _optional_  | The filename for a JUnit report if you want to generate one.                                                                                                                                                                                    |
| `pollingTimeout`       | _optional_  | **DEPRECATED**: The duration (in milliseconds) after which the task stops polling for test results. At the CI level, test results completed after this duration are considered failed. **Default:** 30 minutes.                                 |

> | `publicIds`            | _optional_  | Public IDs of Synthetic tests to run, separated by new lines or commas. If no value is provided, tests are discovered in `*.synthetics.json` files.                                                                                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `publicIds`            | _optional_  | Public IDs of Synthetic tests to run, separated by newlines or commas. If no value is provided, tests are discovered in `*.synthetics.json` files.                                                                                             |
```

| `subdomain`            | _optional_  | The name of the custom subdomain set to access your Datadog application when using the `apiAppKeys` authentication type. If the URL used to access Datadog is `myorg.datadoghq.com`, this value needs to be set to `myorg`. **Default:** `app`. |
| `testSearchQuery`      | _optional_  | Trigger tests corresponding to a [search][8] query. This can be useful if you are tagging your test configurations. For more information, see [rules and best practices for naming tags][10].                                                   |

> | `variables`            | _optional_  | Key-value pairs for injecting variables into tests, separated by newlines or commas. For example: `START_URL=https://example.org,MY_VARIABLE=My title`. **Default:** `[]`.                                                                      |

Reviewer 2: 👀 some empty space at the end of the line, just resolve if it's expected 👍
